# Sentiment_Analysis_Squid_Game
Introduction:
With the recent advances in deep learning, the ability of algorithms to analyse text has improved considerably. Advanced artificial intelligence can be used as an effective tool for in-depth research on test analysis. It is very important to classify the incoming customer reviews about a particular brand on key aspects of the brand’s product/service that customers care and the Customers’ underlying intensions and reactions. These basic ideas when combined becomes an important tool which can be used for analysing thousands of conversations related to brand with human level accuracy. 

Sentiment analysis is the most common text classification tool. It does the analysis on the incoming message and identifies whether the underlying sentiment is positive, negative, or neutral. Today, in all domains of social activity there is a presence social media. Sharing information about the product, event, service, or place is one of the common activities in the social media. 

Opinion extraction has become an important area of research in the field of Natural Language processing(NLP) as people express their opinion on social media sites and on commercial sites. One of the neural network architectures used in sentiment analysis is RNN(recurrent neural networks). RNN are good at processing sequence data for predictions. Hence, they are very useful for deep learning applications like speech recognition, speech synthesis, natural language understanding, etc.

Problem Statement:
Netflix has been investing in foreign language programming since 2015. It has spent more than $1 billion on Korean programs alone. Squid game is the first Korean show to break through on this scale, and it is driving millions of new viewers to other East Asian series. It will be globalizing the entertainment business, creating a platform for people from more than 190 countries to watch stories from all over the world. To be a global leader in entertainment business, Netflix can make use of sentiment analysis using Long Short-Term Memory (LSTM), Simple Recurrent Neural Network (SimpleRNN), Gated Recurrent Units(GRU) and Bidirectional LSTM models to develop better insights about customer preferences thereby gaining competitive advantage and increase their brand value.

Business Case:
Streaming businesses can’t always predict what consumers will want until they have a consumer’s attention, which is why data is essential to win that precious engagement. Such data driven decisions need insights from multiple sources like viewership data to drive content discovery, engagement, attention, and ultimately revenue. In this project, we tried to understand impact of social media and word of mouth for streaming content discovery. Netflix also certainly used social data to inform their content recommendation systems and surface the series in the feeds of new audiences around the world, tying back to the need for personalization algorithms

Squid Game was not heavily marketed in the United States. In fact, aside from an initial trailer that dropped on Netflix’s YouTube channel September 1, it took more than a week after the show’s premiere to generate buzz within popular social accounts before taking off like a rocket. Here are a few key moments over the first 30 days of launch. Social media played a vital role in the success of Squid Game.
